install.md, before:

---
title: Install
layout: page
permalink: /install/
redirect_from:
  - /start/installing-stolos
---

This guide will help you install the Stolos Command Line Interface on your local machine, according to your operating system. Stolos works on all major operating systems ([OS X](#os-x), [Windows](#windows) and [Linux](#linux)).

## System requirements

- 64-bit architecture operating system

## OS X

### 1. Install Unison

Install [**Unison**](https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/unison/) to enable the real-time file syncing feature of Stolos. We propose installing Unison via [**Homebrew**](http://brew.sh/).

If you do not have Homebrew installed on your machine, run the following command in your terminal to install it

```
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)
```

To install Unison via Homebrew run the following command in your terminal:

```
brew install unison
```

### 2. Install Stolos

Run the following command in your terminal to install the Stolos Command Line Interface:

```
pip install https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/stolosctl-0.2.zip#egg=stolos[compose]
```

## Windows

### 1. Install Cygwin along with dependencies

First thing you need to do to install and work with Stolos on Windows is to setup [**Cygwin**](https://cygwin.com/) along with on your machine, along with the utilities needed to run Stolos. To do this follow this steps

1. Download the 64-bit version of Cygwin from [https://cygwin.com/install.html](https://cygwin.com/install.html)
2. Run `setup-x86_64.exe`
3. Install the following:
    - `openssh` from **Net**
    - `python` from **Python**
    - `unison2.48` from **Utils**
    - `wget` from **Web**

### 2. Install pip

Run the following command in the Cygwin terminal to install [**pip**](https://pip.pypa.io/):

```
python -m ensurepip
```

### 3. Install Docker Compose for Windows

Run the following command in the Cygwin terminal to install [**Docker Compose**](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) for Windows:

```
wget https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.8.0/docker-compose-Windows-x86_64.exe -O /usr/bin/docker-compose
```

### 4. Install Stolos

Run the following command in the Cygwin terminal to install the Stolos Command Line Interface:

```
pip install https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/stolosctl-0.2.zip#egg=stolos
```

## Linux

### 1. Install Unison

Install [**Unison**](https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/unison/) to enable the real-time file syncing feature of Stolos.

To do this run the following command in your terminal:

```
wget https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/unison/unison-2.48.3-4.02 -O /usr/local/bin/unison
```

### 2. Install Stolos

Run the following command in your terminal to install the Stolos Command Line Interface:

```
pip install https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/stolosctl-0.2.zip#egg=stolos[compose]
```

After the installation procedure completes you will be able to use the `stolos` command in your terminal.

Commit message:

Add instructions to make `unison` executable on Linux
Fix #43

install.md, after:

---
title: Install
layout: page
permalink: /install/
redirect_from:
  - /start/installing-stolos
---

This guide will help you install the Stolos Command Line Interface on your local machine, according to your operating system. Stolos works on all major operating systems ([OS X](#os-x), [Windows](#windows) and [Linux](#linux)).

## System requirements

- 64-bit architecture operating system

## OS X

### 1. Install Unison

Install [**Unison**](https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/unison/) to enable the real-time file syncing feature of Stolos. We propose installing Unison via [**Homebrew**](http://brew.sh/).

If you do not have Homebrew installed on your machine, run the following command in your terminal to install it

```
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)
```

To install Unison via Homebrew run the following command in your terminal:

```
brew install unison
```

### 2. Install Stolos

Run the following command in your terminal to install the Stolos Command Line Interface:

```
pip install https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/stolosctl-0.2.zip#egg=stolos[compose]
```

## Windows

### 1. Install Cygwin along with dependencies

First thing you need to do to install and work with Stolos on Windows is to setup [**Cygwin**](https://cygwin.com/) along with on your machine, along with the utilities needed to run Stolos. To do this follow this steps

1. Download the 64-bit version of Cygwin from [https://cygwin.com/install.html](https://cygwin.com/install.html)
2. Run `setup-x86_64.exe`
3. Install the following:
    - `openssh` from **Net**
    - `python` from **Python**
    - `unison2.48` from **Utils**
    - `wget` from **Web**

### 2. Install pip

Run the following command in the Cygwin terminal to install [**pip**](https://pip.pypa.io/):

```
python -m ensurepip
```

### 3. Install Docker Compose for Windows

Run the following command in the Cygwin terminal to install [**Docker Compose**](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) for Windows:

```
wget https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.8.0/docker-compose-Windows-x86_64.exe -O /usr/bin/docker-compose
```

### 4. Install Stolos

Run the following command in the Cygwin terminal to install the Stolos Command Line Interface:

```
pip install https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/stolosctl-0.2.zip#egg=stolos
```

## Linux

### 1. Install Unison

Install [**Unison**](https://www.cis.upenn.edu/~bcpierce/unison/) to enable the real-time file syncing feature of Stolos.

To do this run the following commands in your terminal:

```
wget https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/unison/unison-2.48.3-4.02 -O /usr/local/bin/unison
chmod +x /usr/local/bin/unison
```

### 2. Install Stolos

Run the following command in your terminal to install the Stolos Command Line Interface:

```
pip install https://cf979153cd14525475d4-f860d1dda29fa1b9bcbf643d12472ae9.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/stolosctl-0.2.zip#egg=stolos[compose]
```

After the installation procedure completes you will be able to use the `stolos` command in your terminal.
