_start/getting-started.md, before:

---
title: Getting started
layout: page
---

This article will help you get started with Stolos inside your company in a few simple steps!

## 1. Install Stolos
The first thing you have to do is install the Stolos Command Line Interface on your local machine, according to your platform. Take a look at the [**installing Stolos instructions**](/start/installing-stolos) to do this.

## 2. Obtain your Stolos settings
To work with Stolos you need access to your Stolos settings, which will be provided by your company to you. Your Stolos settings should include the following:

- **Stolos URL** - Should be in the form of `https://yourcompany.stolos.io`
- **Username**
- **Temporary password**

If you do not have access to them, the best thing to do is request them from your colleague that prompted you to use Stolos inside your company.

## 3. Log into Stolos
Next you have to log into your company's Stolos installation. To do this run the following command in your terminal and enter your credentials:

```
stolos login --stolos-url=https://yourcompany.stolos.io
```

### Example

```
$ stolos login --stolos-url=https://sourcelair.stolos.io
Username: paris
Password (typing will be hidden):
Authentication successful.
```

## 4. Create your first project
Now you are ready to go. You can use your company's Stolos stacks and start working on projects based on them!

Commit message:

Add "Reset your password" step

_start/getting-started.md, after:

---
title: Getting started
layout: page
---

This article will help you get started with Stolos inside your company in a few simple steps!

## 1. Install Stolos
The first thing you have to do is install the Stolos Command Line Interface on your local machine, according to your platform. Take a look at the [**installing Stolos instructions**](/start/installing-stolos) to do this.

## 2. Obtain your Stolos settings
To work with Stolos you need access to your Stolos settings, which will be provided by your company to you. Your Stolos settings should include the following:

- **Stolos URL** - Should be in the form of `https://yourcompany.stolos.io`
- **Username**
- **Temporary password**

If you do not have access to them, the best thing to do is request them from your colleague that prompted you to use Stolos inside your company.

## 3. Log into Stolos
Next you have to log into your company's Stolos installation. To do this run the following command in your terminal and enter your credentials:

```
stolos login --stolos-url=https://yourcompany.stolos.io
```

### Example

```
$ stolos login --stolos-url=https://sourcelair.stolos.io
Username: paris
Password (typing will be hidden):
Authentication successful.
```

## 4. Reset your password
Next you have to reset your password and set one of your choice. To do this run the following command in your terminal

```
stolos password
```

### Example

```
$ stolos password
Current password (typing will be hidden):
New password (typing will be hidden):
Repeat for confirmation:
Password successfully updated.
```

## 5. Create your first project
Now you are ready to go. You can use your company's Stolos stacks and start working on projects based on them!
